---
Title: SWS101
categories: [SWS101, Journal2]
tages: [SWS101]
---

### Topic : HackTheBox
----

Tier 0

[meow]
I took on a cybersecurity issue with the OpenVPN technique through VirtualBox. After downloading the VPN configuration file, I started the VPN connection. After a successful connection, I refreshed the website to check the new connection status and then launched the target machine, disclosing its IP address.

I worked through the problems posed one by one. From recognizing the abbreviation "VM" as Virtual Machine to recognizing tools such as the terminal for dealing with the operating system and OpenVPN for establishing VPN connections.

With each accurate input, such as recognizing "ping" as a tool for testing connections and "Nmap" for discovering open ports, I progressed through the difficulties. Notably, I found the telnet service on port 23/tcp and discovered that the default username "root" could connect to the target without a password.

After connecting via telnet and investigating the server with basic commands like "ls" and "cat", I found the "flag.txt" file, extracted its contents, and successfully submitted it, completing the task.

[Fawn]
I tackled the challenges one by one. From recognizing the acronym "FTP" as File Transfer Protocol to comprehending its port number and secure version (SFTP), each job expanded my knowledge of network protocols and services.

Running a nmap scan on the target IP provided useful information on the FTP service version and operating system. With this information, I successfully connected to the FTP server using the "anonymous" username and browsed available directories with commands such as "ls".

I discovered the "flag.txt" file and downloaded it with the "get" command to extract the flag value. Submitting this value signified the end of the challenge, with the triumphant message "Fawn has been Pwned".

[Dancing]
I started a nmap scan on the target IP address to gather necessary information for the tasks ahead.

The tasks were largely concerned with attacking the SMB (Server Message Block) service operating on port 445. Through the nmap scan, I discovered SMB's acronym and port, as well as its service name,'microsoft-ds'.

I learned how to use the smbclient program and discovered the essential flag for listing the contents of SMB shares. Executing "smbclient -L [target_ip]" revealed the existence of many shares, one of which, 'WorkShares', was available without a password.

After connecting to the 'WorkShares' share, I studied its contents with commands such as 'ls' and 'help', noting the presence of the 'get' command for file retrieval.

Navigating through directories, I ultimately found the 'flag.txt' file in the 'James.P' directory. Using the 'get' command, I successfully retrieved the file, extracted the flag value, and submitted it via the browser.

[Redeemer]
I started a nmap scan on the target IP address to gather necessary information for the tasks ahead.

The scan discovered an open TCP port 6379 for the Redis service, a versatile NoSQL key-value data store that can function as a database, cache, and message broker. Redis's in-memory database allows for quick data access, making it a popular choice for a wide range of applications.

Further investigation revealed that Redis is, in fact, an in-memory database, with the redis-cli command-line interface serving as the primary means of interaction. After installing redis-tools, I learned how to use redis-cli before proceeding with the chores.

Connecting to the Redis server with "redis-cli -h target_ip" and running the "info" command yielded full information and statistics, including the server's version (5.0.7). By using the "select" function to choose the appropriate database, I was able to list and count all of the keys in it.

I navigated through the database, found the flag file, and used the "get" command to retrieve its value. Submitting this value through the browser completed the challenge, which was accompanied by the statement "Redeemer has been Pwned".

{Tier1}

[appointment]
This began with a simple ping to confirm server connectivity, followed by an in-depth investigation of several jobs. Beginning with the fundamentals, I properly identified SQL as Structured Query Language and recognized SQL injection as a common weakness. When I dug deeper, I discovered that it is classified as A03:2021-injection in the 2021 OWASP Top 10 list. Using Nmap, I determined that the target's service and version on port 80 is Apache httpd 2.4.38 (Debian). Understanding the relevance of standard ports, I determined 443 as the HTTPS protocol's port number. 

Furthermore, I became acquainted with web application terms by recognizing a directory as an important component. Recognizing HTTP response codes allowed me to correctly identify 404 as the code for 'Not Found' issues. Moving on to programs such as Gobuster, I learnt how to define directory discovery with the 'Dir' switch. 

Furthermore, I understood the significance of commenting in MySQL, recognizing '#' as the only character for commenting out lines. Finally, I successfully attacked a user input vulnerability, gaining admin access without a password using MySQL injection techniques.

[sequel]
Continuing the nmap scan, I learned that MySQL was listening on port 3306, and revealed that the MySQL version was MariaDB.It needed specifying a MySQL login username, which was done with the '-u' switch, and demonstrated how to log into MariaDB without a password using the 'root' username. Moving on, I initially used a semicolon to display everything within a table, but the right symbol was an asterisk (*), guided by a tip about being "starry-eyed." As recommended by Task 7, ending each query with a semicolon allowed for seamless execution. 

To find the root flag, I used a variety of resources, including ibug.io and serverfault.com, to explore through the MySQL database, eventually revealing the flag with the 'select * from config;' query. With perseverance and resourcefulness, I successfully pwned the sequel box.

[crocodile]
Beginning with network reconnaissance, which is facilitated with Nmap. The scan found critical information, such as the presence of vsftpd 3.0.3 on port 21 and the ability to login anonymously via FTP with the code "230". FTP was used to access files such as "allowed.userlist" and "allowed.userlist.passwd", which revealed probable usernames such as "admin". 

Further investigation with Gobuster revealed the PHP file "login.php", which provides a means of online service authentication. With the discovered credentials "admin" and "rKXM59ESxesUFHAd", access to the system was gained, resulting in the successful acquisition of the root flag.

[responder]
we looked at several areas of web server security and exploitation strategies. Initially, we noticed the domain redirection when contacting the web service via IP address, which necessitated updating the hosts file for successful connection. 

Next, we discovered that the server uses PHP to generate webpages and observed how multiple language versions of the webpage are loaded via URL parameters. We then examined the page parameter to find potential vulnerabilities like Local File Inclusion (LFI) and Remote File Inclusion (RFI), as well as the methods used to exploit them. 

In addition, we learned about NTLM authentication, the Responder application for network interception, and password breaking with John the Ripper. Finally, we used evil-winrm for remote access to a Windows service, identifying the flag in the user's directory.

[Three]
we started by establishing a VPN connection to the target machine and identified open TCP ports using basic enumeration. Further investigation led us to the website's contact section, where we discovered the domain of the provided email address. 

To access subdomains without a DNS server, we leveraged the /etc/hosts file to resolve hostnames to IP addresses. Through additional enumeration using gobuster, we discovered the sub-domain "s3.thetoppers.htb," which was found to be running an Amazon S3 service. Using the AWS CLI, we configured and interacted with the service, listing all S3 buckets to gather information. The server was determined to run files written in PHP, prompting us to create a PHP reverse shell and upload it to the S3 bucket.

After successful upload and execution, we established a reverse shell to gain access to the victim machine. Finally, we retrieved the root flag, completing the Penetration Testing exercise successfully.
